Update grant-access-to-the-security-and-compliance-center.md (#2670)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/grant-access-to-the-security-and-compliance-center.md

7. Click **Save** to save the changes to the role group.

> [!NOTE]

> > Admins can also navigate to the Complaince Admin Center(https://compliance.microsoft.com/homepage) and get to [Managing Permissins](https://protection.office.com/permissions) Section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Admins can also navigate to the Compliance Admin Center(https://compliance.microsoft.com/homepage) and go to the [Managing Permissions section](https://protection.office.com/permissions).
```
